no it's less later tonight on Strictly
Come Dancing Susannah we closed the show
with a blockbuster of a quick tip you
capture the spirit of the film perfectly
there's so life in your feet that it was
a shame there was a couple of mistakes I
thought the footwork was rather sloppy
I've got completely out of sync with one
another over here when you're doing the
kickstand seven
I feel so upset thunk I found it yes no
don't don't worry about it she's awesome
and she makes me proud every single week
as you got nothing to worry about there
we know leaping over so does the ceiling
just hitting on them please welcome
Susanna Kevin let's think about what
Bruno said he said newsreader by day
musical super star by night wasn't in
manali that's a lovely thing to say what
a fantastic singer dancing superhero how
was it being debbie reynolds out on the
floor and well it was fantastic but I'm
definitely Debbie Reynolds with feet of
clay doing cool I love watching this bit
this is brilliant and there was so much
energy and the choreography was
fantastic and you know I did definitely
make a slip up and it's so ironic Zoe
and I don't know if it's ever happened
to you yeah but you can have seven
perfect rehearsals yeah we're just goes
bang bang bang bang bang and it's just
brilliant and then it's all about how
you perform on the night oh no moment ya
know and it's frustrating is it because
you can't take it back you're like no
but you know what you can't concentrate
on it either you can't come off the
dance floor and just think oh that bit
went wrong you've got to look at the
ninety-five percent of the routine
though is fantastic i just wish to
you've taught how welcome can't hardly
did say when she was on choreography
corner on tuesday that you'd really push
Susanna to amazing its standard at this
you know so many news that you gave her
and that's a bit of a gamble to take but
it definitely paid off is it important
to push at this stage in the competition
care not always i mean that that's been
our thing from the beginning we've
always said to each other ride they're
gonna go for it or not you know you
might as well sort of take the bull by
the horns and go to the maximum that we
possibly can and if it goes wrong at
least we've gone out and had a great
time and smashed it in our opinion in
here exactly and inquiring a bull score
of 33 and when Craig gave you a seven
Bruno was so so angry this happened
seven
thank you
hey how furious how you crank and they
weren't the only ones I'm carefully
worried though because you finish sort
of second boss room from the little
leaderboard we worried that you'd be in
the dance-off we were convinced we were
gonna be a dancer it wasn't even we
weren't worrying Oh are we or aren't we
we were practicing out the back Pat's
endure the little step that went sort of
wrong we're practicing that over and
over again ready for the dance awfull
convinced looking forward to getting it
right oh yeah contrasted to it but he
was saved because I really loved you
which is brilliant the thing is right
when we go back to the training room it
does seem that you have your work cut
out for you slightly Kellen we can we
count Susanna it's the same old story
take a look today she hates everything
just do the step come out do it hate
this past times you hate this bit of the
week that's the most part of the day
they'll be hating on everything and be a
bit stressed out listen morning I hate
those things and we'll go from lunch
then we'll come back and it will start
to click a little bit grab it got it
done on Wednesday Shelby gonna I gotta
get this dance down and we're wasting
time oh god I've got five minutes I've
gotta go don't do it one more time yeah
can you do it without the chat then it
won't go right straight away so she'll
be angry about that you're painting your
lovely picture everything and then
Thursday will be a beautiful day
by the end of thursday she'll go i
really like this routine every way if
the same every week so thursday was
yesterday by the end of last night how
did you feel about the Argentine tango
Oh completely obsessed with it in love
with it it's amazing it's so intense
it's yeah it's pretty full-on physically
and we trained really hard yesterday and
yeah it felt fantastic good I mean kept
your attendance specialist which doesn't
include argentine tango so this is new
for you as well yeah scary he doing
would you make amazing figure honesty if
he was dancing it with somebody who can
actually dance he'd be like tens all the
way trust me Suzanne's better than me
listen to your music wow Michael Jackson
I can you give me your best hehe oh I
need a girl to do that um the good thing
is only Sophie and Brendan have done an
Argentine tango this series so far so
you can go out there and you know really
pull out all the tricks no one's seen
her before that's exciting yeah that
does help i guess if they if they've
been sort of 10 argentine tango is
already there be nothing left to show
anybody so the fact there's only been
one that does help and also it helps
with the fact that i haven't done it
before yeah can you turn up the rules
all the expectations out i'm excited by
this of course the swing a thorn this
weekend as well all of you out on the
floor for the first time together to be
judged alongside each other have you got
any tricks up your sleeves I've got
Kevin okay Nessus got that trick
difficulty is the jive king is
absolutely brilliant look at it just
goes he like the giant one of my
favorites isn't it keV so surely that
will stand you in good stead know what
we're gonna do what we always try and do
it and just go out there and sort of
blast it with energy and have a great
time yeah and hope that it works it's a
huge smile on my face yeah all day
she with Kip incredible believe I love
it both of you in scarlet good luck this
weekend